(OPENING THEME PLAYING)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
ALL: Ninja!
-BEAST BOY: Hey, guys!
-Why are you dressed
like that?
I thought this was
a slumber party.
This is not a slumber
party, dude.
This is a mission.
So, how come you're
all wearing those
footie pajamas?
We are not wearing
the footy pajamas.
These are Shinobi Shozoku,
the traditional garb
of the ninja.
They are designed
for stealth operations.
And without them, we'll never
complete our mission.
Capture the McGuffin
hidden inside this fortress.
What's a McGuffin?
-It's what we're after.
-But what is it?
That's not important.
What's important is we move...
(WHISPERING) Quietly.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh, snap! A penny!
Ha-ha! Guys, look! A penny!
(ALARM BLARING)
My bad.
Behold! Inside that box is
the McGuffin.
You still have
not told us what it is.
It is what we've
come here for.
-But why?
-When you see it,
you'll understand.
The McGuffin needs
no explanation.
BEAST BOY: Well,
let's open it up, yo.
CYBORG: Stop!
(BLOWS)
-Whoa... Cool.
-(EXCLAIMS)
Touching those lasers
will trigger the alarm
and this mission will
be a failure.
ROBIN: Go!
-Dude!
-The lasers!
Please, I'm so cool,
these lasers ain't
even going to feel me.
(ALARM BLARING)
My bad.
My bad!
-My bad!
-(ALL SCREAMING)
(BUZZER)
We may have failed to acquire
the McGuffin,
but we're not giving up.
It must be acquired
at all costs.
You still haven't told us what
this McGuffin is exactly.
Yeah, I haven't heard
of a McGuffin and I've
heard of a lot of things.
Let's just say that it's
a desired object
that for a long time has
both motivated me
and driven my actions.
That still does not inform us
of what it is.
-I think it's Scotch.
-I've never heard of it.
He's saying it wrong.
Whatevs!
Being a ninja is lame.
Lame? What about all that
cool stuff we were doing
on the mission?
I wasn't really paying
attention, bro.
Then is this lame?
Wow!
Whoa.
Sick!
ALL: Ninja!
So, what do you think now?
You gots to teach me
the art of the Ninjajitsu.
Very well. But you must swear
to follow my instructions
to the letter.
And call me Master.
How abouts I call you
Tiny Face?
-No.
-(LAUGHS)
Uh, Fish Lips?
-No.
-Iron Buns?
Hmm, no.
Call me Master or forget
learning the Art of the Ninja.
(GRUNTING)
-Can't do it, Iron buns.
-Then I cannot teach you.
-Ninjas, we go.
-See you, bro.
(SQUEAKING)
Uh, I'm not comfortable
by myself.
I'll call you Master!
Then your training begins now.
(ROBIN READING)
Disguises let the ninja hide
in plain sight.
Huh? Where did he go?
Ninja!
Ninja.
So ninja trippy!
I know, right?
Ninja!
(GASPS)
You fools are blowing my mind!
(ROBIN READING)
Ninjas are masters
of both hand-to-hand
and thrown weapons.
Most notably, the shuriken.
(ALL READING)
Oh, is that why Robin's
so short?
-He was shurikened?
-He was born that way.
If he was the shurikened,
he would be
even smaller.
Actually, shuriken is another
name for the throwing star.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
-Ow!
-Careful.
Ow, it's so pointy.
Ha-ha, how are you supposed
to hold it? You take it.
(ALL READING)
Whoa.
(ROBIN READING)
I will test your stealth
by seeing if you can walk
across that bubble wrap
without popping any bubbles.
Observe.
Now, you.
(GIGGLES) Aw, yeah.
No.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Oh, yeah.
The pops are so satisfying.
I cannot stop.
(CLAMORING)
Enough!
Take your training seriously.
We have to capture
that McGuffin.
Everything depends on it.
Now, train!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Argh!
Has anyone seen Beast Boy?
Nah, I bet he's being
all stealthy.
Excellent. Then I was able
to get him to embrace
the ninja life.
Oh, Robin. You truly
are the Ninja Master.
I have been the wrong
to dismiss your affections.
I have the in loveness
with you.
(SOBBING) Yes.
I... I knew it.
I knew we would end
up together.
-(SOBS)
-(SHUSHING)
Ninja. (EXCLAIMS)
(SCREAMS)
Ha-ha! You've been
ninjaed, fool! Ah-a!
-(ALL MUMBLING)
-I am very much the impressed.
(SOBBING)
Well done, well done.
I guess, I'm the master now.
ALL: Ooh!
Enough! The student can't
become the master.
-Whoever heard of that?
-Then, I'll prove I'm
the master.
How?
I'm going to get
that McGuffin first.
(GASPS) You can't.
It's too important.
Then you won't mind
if a little ninja race
goes down.
BEAST BOY:  First one
to get the McGuffin is
the Master Ninja.
(ANNOUNCER READING)
You're on.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Man, you're totally right
about that McGuffin.
I don't even know
what it is and I still want
to get it so bad.
May the best ninja win.
You see a real ninja...
You can't beat me, bro.
I got the quickness.
Yeah, but I got...
-Ooh, look a penny.
-Where?
Oh, my gosh. A lucky penny.
(ALARM BLARING)
(SCREAMS)
Your skills are impressive
but you are no match
for the us.
Oh, yeah?
(FARTING)
-Ugh. Ugh.
-(STAR SHUDDERS)
Ugh, silent but deadly.
Really?
Definition of a ninja, yo.
(GROANING)
Got to do this quick.
Finally.
CYBORG: The McGuffin!
You got it?
Guess Beast Boy
isn't the master.
Where is he anyway?
-Haven't seen him since
he gassed us.
-(SHUDDERS)
I guess it doesn't matter now.
The McGuffin is mine!
-That is the McGuffin?
-This whole thing
was about a sandwich?
Yes, a delicious egg sandwich.
We did all this
for an Egg McGuffin?
I know Beast Boy couldn't beat
me 'cause there's only
one master.
BEAST BOY: (MUFFLED)
And that's me.
Ninja.
No way!
You got ninjaed son! (LAUGHS)
(BEAST BOY READING)
(BEAST BOY LAUGHING)
-(ROBIN READING)
-(SCREAMS)
ALL: Ninja!
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)